How is it that in ballad welcome to my
channel from here who speaks is what crimes
and today I will bring a game in a way
offer 3 where I return to play with
cover to and vote with emilia that is a gain
that win because lately have not
been playing fashion in affair 3 like
I have been saying there are weeks before
the game of this console to record one of the
champions as the channel is and basically
That's what you decide to bring to you.
this is not anything spectacular but
it's also no shame in the meantime
It's already my 100th video this is the
video number 100 and provided password number
I decided to do something special, I'll go
to tire a chain flames
sucking acerola not more time and
basically it 's 50 for we thank you
partnerships that have resulted in
five stars many people box that
partnerships sometimes sucks and etc.
for this current right we
thank those partnerships resulted and
thanks to them myself I decided to do
in this list simply delete malta
who lived in Brazil for the simple reason
It's just that we were not Portuguese, my loves.
You're not reserved, but it's the
next if it was not opportunity to see
This malt I'm going to report is mine.
message could never cross
borders so I think we are
Funny, I think it's necessary.
to point out what is wrong but also has
The very essay we pointed out was that it was
to support but it is also a matter for us to
I suppose this is nice of you.
to see
and should be much more promoted
on youtube then pray for my count
of the top five sucks on the street I go
start with my fifth entry this
that's going to be the refriir with fritas is mine
latest kick she rolls and
however I became gems that
contact to roll in the east
however I went to see what did not
and it is an expense making a
Silvio Santos
there is also in the area of ​​humor that is
an area that I really like with you
know it and one of the things that the goal
work has also had a lot to do with
with my job is and difference of
cultures when we move to a
chat good people of the other country or
other values ​​with other ways of
being with others but even waiving
with different sense of humor the and we
we can appreciate the differences and
know how to work these differences without
we never lost our identity
Ah, I do a style of work.
imitations of silvio santos that is a
presenter in Brazil that I think is
quite characteristic is that the note
but now here the dude and the Gaucho
if you see the original character of
see in imitation of wes five stars
that's why and staying in me is more recent
kicks the ball rolls
let's move to position number 4
position number 4 will be of each
old master was me is one of the first
I did not even suck on them, I was still very
little when I met the old man
master clóvis at the beginning advices
to read the scroll as if there were no
tomorrow and so would I and the criteria
such a tasty ball so I kicked
with plenty and we started sword and such
paulo and back and forth and was
until today
nowadays ready as this is a
wedding date ayew tent
ready a car for them it hurts to
head and such
sometimes we continue to max
with the other more frequently metro
know is not in outsourced also in
third one and this one
kicker turtledoves born mythical youth who
do not know the law always on twitter I think
to roll now no more this transfer is a
dream document now and usually with
a mouth where the words come out
legislation or butter is that with
then to rome there is no man like her
I honestly do not know you
sky god
not only himself knows to put a
with me in rio grande italian bishop who
the channel is
show rain and honestly if not
whether she managed the channel of the mythical young man
is that what he wants and was not
with 50 inscribed hour thinking for the
second position of her suck cock was the
vander
I did not introduce myself to the
slice of the roll that went today to
rolled and I said I'm going there because it brings
more to roll mixed has not been
inscribed to arrive here pop me but
to roll pepe the wandeco is otherwise this
roll though I went to see the channel of the imbuí
and my game is like throwing balls in the air
3 there was watching his
videos and gave a great will Sparta
roll and you also enjoy Portuguese
usually malta portuguese is not much
active on youtube is father and never
I experienced no portuguese pj bora
there and another now let's think jack
sparrow from one another and so it was until today
It's one of my favorite clothes.
sally unitas perfect like that
there is very generous and first of all
The biggest suckling pig was
doubt make lora and bad top way
denounce malta great youtube and already the
corn already half a kilo was doing
hunting talent discovered a scoundrel
fucks two to roll must be the same
Winning is an animal I was show
Experimental then there bora and thereafter
It was love at first sight of my
two indicated for chains sucking the
roll is going to be the Argentinian who was
a gas that would like this to roll up
say but not and also the neo has been walking
to follow up the work gave
sincerely liked no one staying and
Finally, with her work and without
doubt a suck she rolls want
brutal peace want a pan rolls already
nobody knows anything about who
said that was what customers wanted
enjoy and even a chance